README.md, before:

# Mario Game Appwrite
I follow along with Ania Kubów as she shows us how to make a web game.
[2hrs to code Mario with Auth + save scores | JavaScript, CSS, HTML](https://youtu.be/1CVSI3MZNNg?si=oOwU493Bz5hn1Wsw)

Textures found at:
- [Dino textures](https://arks.itch.io/dino-characters)
- [World textures](https://rottingpixels.itch.io/nature-platformer-tileset)

TODO: *(in no particular order)*
- [x] Finish tutorial
- [ ] Break up the code into different files
- [ ] Change all 
    - [x] textures
    - [ ] font and styling
- [ ] Add animations
- [ ] Add a screen before starting the game
- [ ] Add a restart button on the 'lose' screen
- [ ] Show highscore for all players
- [ ] Keep gems (and level) inside field when playing
- [ ] Add health

BUGS: 
- [ ] The player dies when falling onto an enemy while jumping onto them kills the enemy, as expected
- [ ] The enemies don't fall off the world as expected.

--- 

## v.0.4.0
The tutorial by Ania is done. It was very well made and I highly recommend it! I wouldn't say it is a *finished* game but it is definitely a good base and starting point!

Commit message:

Moved gifs, realised I've linked wrong dino image

README.md, after:

# Mario Game Appwrite
I follow along with Ania Kubów as she shows us how to make a web game.
[2hrs to code Mario with Auth + save scores | JavaScript, CSS, HTML](https://youtu.be/1CVSI3MZNNg?si=oOwU493Bz5hn1Wsw)

Assets:
- The cute dinosarus are made by [Arks Digital](https://twitter.com/ArksDigital) on [itch.io](https://arks.itch.io/dino-characters)
- The pretty world are made by [Rotting Pixels](https://twitter.com/PixelsRotting) on [itch.io](https://rottingpixels.itch.io/nature-platformer-tileset)

TODO: *(in no particular order)*
- [x] Finish tutorial
- [ ] Break up the code into different files
- [ ] Change all 
    - [x] textures
    - [ ] font and styling
- [ ] Add animations
- [ ] Add a screen before starting the game
- [ ] Add a restart button on the 'lose' screen
- [ ] Show highscore for all players
- [ ] Keep gems and level text inside field when playing
- [ ] Add health

BUGS: 
- [ ] The player dies when falling onto an enemy while jumping onto them kills the enemy, as expected
- [ ] The enemies don't fall off the world as expected.
- [ ] Lines appear around the sprites, probably a rendering issue.

--- 

## v.0.4.0
The tutorial by Ania is done. It was very well made and I highly recommend it! I wouldn't say it is a *finished* game but it is definitely a good base and starting point!
